MediaRecorder control | update exception section &  remove unexpected section (#31238)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/mediarecorder/start/index.md

object. You can implement the {{domxref("MediaRecorder.error_event", "onerror")}} event
handler to respond to these errors.

- `InvalidStateError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if the `MediaRecorder` is not in the `inactive` state; you cannot
    start recording media if it is already being recorded. See the
    {{domxref("MediaRecorder.state", "state")}} property.
- `NotSupportedError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if the media stream you are attempting to record is inactive, or if one or more of the
>     stream's tracks is in a format that cannot be recorded using the current configuration, or if the `videoKeyFrameIntervalDuration` and `videoKeyFrameIntervalCount` parameter are both specificed when creating the `MediaRecorder`.

Reviewer: Use bullets for better scannability:

```suggestion
  - : Thrown in any of the following cases:
      - The media stream you are attempting to record is inactive.
      - One or more of the stream's tracks is in a format that cannot be recorded using the current configuration.
      - The `videoKeyFrameIntervalDuration` and `videoKeyFrameIntervalCount` parameter are both specified when creating the `MediaRecorder`.
```

(sorry I didn't check my Markdown formatting here so please double check I didn't break it)
